hi this is Victoria here here with Annie
and we are so excited that the new
spring line 47 dot has just come out and
I just got my delivery I took it out of
the box and I have it all on this table
in front of me right here I'm here in my
new office our new place and I'm really
excited to start being able to put a
wrap put out my jewelry and really get
everything started and put out and have
it look really nice so without further
ado here comes the spring line sorry
Annie you're gonna have to get off my
lap okay so I'm gonna start out with the
small boxes until i move big okay our
first box I have no idea what anything
is called yet some stylist know
everything the minute that it comes out
I am NOT one of those people but it's
okay more power to the ones that do this
is the Florence Oh Florence stackable
bands okay I was looking forward to
these they kind of actually go with what
I'm wearing today I've been wearing a
lot of stones today my serenity stone
drops and I have the Trinity soham
pendant and now i have my Florence
stackable bands check them out looking
good all right so number one for the win
next ring we have the Caitlyn mixed band
rings oh this is another great set of I
think about five mixed metals
focus I don't know if you can see it
very well but those look really cool
it's different than what I thought for
some reason i thought this stone this
one was like stones but it's not all
metal it's kind of like a rose gold but
i really like what we have our mixed
metal rings beautiful next up too many
of our small boxes i got like 10 or 12 i
don't know i actually i'm so excited
because i got all of this for free with
an incentive program that we were doing
this past october november december and
I'm just so happy to announce that I got
it all for free because I think
sometimes people think that oh they've
been best so much and becoming a stylist
and spend all this money every year okay
so this one is the somerville necklace
in the silver with the gray black stones
really nice really great i need to start
wearing more silver so I this came out
in peach too but I didn't do the peach I
got the peach earrings because I feel
like I have to start wearing more silver
just a little bit more please have it in
my display next we have the Janus studs
in green oh there's a beautiful necklace
that comes with these two I can't wait
to wear them your mind may have like a
really bright Jade color next we have
the Jackie link bracelet probably won't
put on all the bracelets i'll probably
just show them to you i saw this one I
saw somebody wearing this yesterday
looks really beautiful it's a
substantial piece it reminds me of like
the Christina link just a little bit
thicker it's beautiful
maybe my friend Jackie will like it all
right next we have the Nora chandeliers
oh I really like these a lot I didn't
know how I felt about them at first but
they've really just grown on me and I
just keep thinking about how nice
they're gonna look when you where I'm
just with something that needs a little
bit of a burst of color wheel of this
yellow look obviously my little accent
like in the office here is yellow and
I'm just digging it so much if you got
to have this yellow throw right here and
I got these awesome yellow curtains back
there and I'm trying to work it in
through a little few other places next
we have the amelie sparkle bracelet in
gold oh this is what you can wear with
the somerville it's great and it's going
to look beautiful all the time and
better than me wrapping the somerville
up around my wrist which is what I was
doing last year but this is going to be
absolutely an amazing seller I can tell
nice big and chunky but it's also really
dainty at the same time and it's
adjustable there's lots of holes in the
back so it'll fit many wrists really
pretty what else did we do okay got the
cross cup I found that the cross things
sell really well people really like them
and and it's just they seem that they've
been really great sellers for me so I
thought I'll get the crosscut bracelet
because we also have the interlock cross
necklace and we have the interlock cross
bracelet and now you have the cross
bracelet here
clear off of me Stefan going to look
like little kids just at Christmas okay
the Devon layering necklace and silver
oh um I was looking forward to this one
because it's a great silver piece and
one of my friends said that after she
checked out the measurements for this if
you undid him it was going to be taller
than her that's probably kind of taller
than me too but you can just wear it
twice around I saw somebody the other
day wearing it three times around it's
great layering piece looks good that
chick came out there you go I think
that's a silver piece I can stand with
all right next we have the Justin's
bracelet this one is like the renegade
grown-up gotten a little bit more public